
https://www.totaleventinsurance.com/

About HCCS

HCC Specialty is a leading provider of specialty insurance products to the entertainment, sports, tradeshow, and promotion marketing industries. We provide a full range of complimentary event-related products that no other insurance provider offers. Our Products include Event Cancellation Insurance, Special Event Liability, Weather Insurance, and Prize Indemnity / Promotional Insurance. Our integrated suite of insurance products gives all types of event organizers the ability to protect their events and venues, while simultaneously driving traffic and attendance.

HCC Specialty is a division of HCC Insurance Holdings, Inc., and is comprised of HCC Specialty Underwriters, Inc. and Professional Indemnity Agency, Inc. HCC Insurance Holdings Inc. is an international insurance holding company and a leading specialty insurance group since 1974, with offices in Bermuda, Spain, the UK and across the USA. HCC is traded on the NYSE (Symbol: HCC), has assets of $8.9 billion, shareholders' equity of more than $2.8 billion and is rated AA (Very Strong) by Standard & Poor's and A+ (Superior) by A. M. Best Company.

-----------------------

Protecting the Privacy of Information
Copyright © 2011 by HCC Specialty Underwriters, Inc., a member agency of HCC Specialty, a division of HCC Insurance Holdings, Inc.

TotalEventInsurance.com is committed to protecting the privacy of our clients. This privacy policy (the Policy) discloses our information use policies and practices on the TotalEvent Web site (the Site). This Policy does not govern our information collection practices offline or on any other Web sites owned or operated by TotalEventInsurance.com. By using the Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Policy and agree that you or your company (you) will be bound by these terms and conditions. Please read this Policy and keep it for your records.
Strict security measures
TotalEventInsurance.com takes the security of information very seriously and has established security standards and procedures to prevent unauthorized access to customer information. These standards exist for both our physical facilities and our online services.
Limited employee access 
To protect you, TotalEventInsurance.com has policies and procedures to limit employee access to information to only those employees with a business reason for accessing such information. TotalEventInsurance.com educates its employees about the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy. We take appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce employee responsibilities regarding customer information.
Information Collection and Use by TotalEventInsurance.com
TotalEventInsurance.com collects the following types of information about you or your business:
Identifiable information which includes contact information such as your business name, address, e-mail address and phone number, from applications and other forms and information that you provide to us on the Site and via e-mail. This information is used to respond to or process your request, accurately identify you, protect and administer your account.
Financial information which includes your transactions with TotalEventInsurance.com, such as your account balance, and payment history. This information is used to respond to or process your request.  TotalEventInsurance.com has established procedures in an attempt to ensure that the financial information we collect is accurate, current and complete. TotalEventInsurance.com is committed to working with you to promptly correct any inaccurate information.
Standard non-personal information about visits to the Site, such as date and time visited, Internet provider address, city, state and country may be collected automatically by TotalEventInsurance.com's web servers. This information is used for internal purposes and to compile statistics on Site usage.
TotalEventInsurance.com also uses your information for internal business purposes such as helping us design or improve our products and services and the Site. TotalEventInsurance.com may use information to offer additional products and services, which may be of interest to you or your company. You may choose not to have your information used for such purposes.
The selective sharing of information with third parties 
TotalEventInsurance.com discloses identifiable and financial information to third parties in order to complete transactions initiated by you or when you request or authorize the disclosure, to provide requested products and services, or if the disclosure is required by law or another reporting obligation. We disclose personal and financial information to nonaffiliated third parties who perform services on our behalf, such as data analyses, bill payment, mail house services, printing and account statements, collection services, credit reporting agencies, and financial auditors. At times it is necessary to disclose information to enforce or apply the terms and conditions of any agreement TotalEventInsurance.com has with you and to protect the rights, property, or safety of TotalEventInsurance.com, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction as well as cooperating with law enforcement agencies, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order. Please note, all information about you may be transferred to a new owner if TotalEventInsurance.com is sold, merges, or ceases operations or information is otherwise required to be transferred as an asset
TotalEventInsurance.com may share information within the TotalEventInsurance.com family of companies, as well as with unaffiliated third parties external to TotalEventInsurance.com. You may choose not to have your information shared with the TotalEventInsurance.com family of companies or these third parties by opting out of such sharing.
Whatever the reason for sharing information, we require strict confidentiality by the receiving parties and limit the use of the information to the purpose for which it was disclosed.
Cookies
In order to enhance your experience on the Site, TotalEventInsurance.com uses cookies. For example, TotalEventInsurance.com may use cookies to store your preferences for certain kinds of information. You can set up your Web browser to inform you when cookies are set or to prevent cookies from being set.
Links 
The Site may contain links to third-party Web sites. These linked Web sites are not endorsed by TotalEventInsurance.com and are not under TotalEventInsurance.com's control. TotalEventInsurance.com is not responsible for and cannot make any assurances regarding the content, privacy practices, or other policies or practices of the operators of such Web sites.
To opt out
If you would like more information about your information sharing options, or wish to opt out of information sharing with TotalEventInsurance.com affiliates or certain third parties or certain uses by TotalEventInsurance.com as described above, please email service@totaleventinsurance.com. We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practical after we have received your opt out request. Please note, changes to your preference are not retroactive. If you have previously opted out, please be assured that your election will remain effective. You do not need to contact us unless you wish to change your election.
If you are comfortable with TotalEventInsurance.com's handling of information it collects, you do not need to take any action at this time.
Access to information
If you would like to review and/or change information about you kept in our files, please email service@totaleventinsurance.com. TotalEventInsurance.com will endeavor to make all corrections within ten (10) business days.
For more information
Comments or questions about the Site or this policy should be directed to: service@totaleventinsurance.com

--------------------------

LEGAL DISCLAIMER, NOTICE OF COPYRIGHT
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, AND TERMS OF USE
Copyright © 2011 by HCC Specialty Underwriters, Inc., a member agency of HCC Specialty, a division of HCC Insurance Holdings, Inc.

While TotalEventInsurance.com (WE, OUR, US) provides the information on this Website to anyone, we retain copyright on all text and graphic images. As such, one copy of the contents of this Website may be viewed, copied, and downloaded for your own personal non-commercial use, provided that this Legal Disclaimer and Notice of Copyright appear in all copies. The contents of this Website may not be modified or used in any manner other than as expressly permitted by the immediately preceding sentence, including without limitation, utilization by reference or the establishment of a link, without the prior written consent of TotalEventInsurance.com.

WE reserve the right at any and all times and in its sole discretion to change the content of this Website and the products and services referenced heron.WE reserve all other rights.
The TotalEventInsurance.com logo and ticket device are service marks of TotalEventInsurance.com. Other product and company names referenced herein may be the service marks of their respective owners.

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
WE maintain this Website as a service to the Internet community. The information contained in this Website is subject to change without notice, and WE assume no commitment to update the information contained herein. You hereby acknowledge that any reliance upon such information shall be at your sole risk. This service and all such information is provided on an "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL TOTALEVENTINSURANCE.COM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHICH MAY ARISE OUT OF ANY PERSON'S ACCESS OR INABILITY TO ACCESS THIS WEBSITE OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS WEBSITE.

The World Wide Web exists across public networks, many of which are insecure. This Website uses the security features of Netscape and Internet Explorer on most forms on this site. However, WE cannot guarantee the security of the in-transit information. TotalEventInsurance.com disclaims any and all liability for interception by unauthorized persons and for any computer viruses that may be loaded into your computer as a result of the downloading of any information from this or any other Website. The descriptions of products and services contained in this Website are intended to provide a reference guide to the types of products and services offered by US and are not intended to be relied upon by clients or business partners. Please contact us directly if you wish to obtain specific information concerning the products and services referenced in this Website.

DISCLAIMER OF ENDORSEMENT
Any stock pricing information appearing on any third party Website linked to this Website is updated periodically from a source other than TotalEventInsurance.com. TotalEventInsurance.com does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy of such pricing information or any other materials included on such third party Website. Accordingly, such information must not be used for any formal analysis or estimation.

All links and frames of this Website to third party sites are provided as a convenience only. WE do not control or endorse the information and content contained on any such sites, or their sponsors.

TotalEventInsurance.com is under no obligation to maintain any link on this Website and may remove any such link at any time at its sole discretion for any reason whatsoever.

DISCLAIMER OF PRIVACY
Except as otherwise provided herein, by providing information through the use of this Website (such as inquiries, comments, suggestions or ideas) to US, the visitor agrees that such information is provided on a non-confidential basis and that WE shall have unlimited rights to use (or not use), distribute (or not distribute), reproduce (or not reproduce), and disclose (or not disclose) such information worldwide as WE deem appropriate, without compensation or acknowledgment of its source. WE shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques which are contained in any information a visitor provides to US through this Website.

Should you have any questions or comments about our privacy policies or practice, please direct them to service@totaleventinsurance.com.

JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
This Website is controlled and operated by US from our offices within the State of Massachusetts, United States of America WE make no representation that materials on the Website are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access this Website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.

The information contained on this Website is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any security. No security is offered or will be sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.

Should a court of competent jurisdiction hold or find any portion or provision of any of the disclaimers appearing hereon illegal, non-enforceable, or invalid, the remainder of the disclaimer or disclaimers shall remain in full force and effect in that case and in all other cases.

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
The information contained on this Website contains certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created by those laws. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of our operations. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included or incorporated by reference on this Website that address activities, events or developments that we expect or anticipate may occur in the future, including such things as future capital expenditures, business strategies, competitive strengths, goals, growth of our businesses and operations, plans and references to future successes may be considered forward-looking statements. Also, when we us words such as "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "probably" or similar expressions, we are making forward-looking statements.

Many risks and uncertainties may impact the matters addressed in these forward-looking statements. Many possible events or factors could affect out future financial results and performance. These could cause our results or performance to differ materially from those we express in our forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying our forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of these assumptions, and therefore also the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions, could themselves prove to be inaccurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included on this Website, our inclusion of this information is not a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved.

Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and we will not update these forward-looking statements unless the securities laws require us to do so. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed on this Website may not occur.

EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES
WE are an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to a policy of non-discrimination in employment on any basis including race, color, age, sex, religion, disability or national origin. Consistent with the American Disabilities Act, applicants may request accommodations needed to participate in the application process.

TERMS OF USE
PLEASE NOTE: Your access to and use of the TotalEventInsurance.com online quote and policy issuance Website ("Website") is subject to the following Terms of Use, as well as all applicable laws and regulations. Please read these terms carefully. If you do not accept and agree to be bound by these terms or conditions you are not authorized to access or otherwise use this Website or any information, content, services or software contained on this Website. Your access to and use of this Website constitutes your acceptance of and agreement to abide by each of the terms and conditions set forth below. These Terms of Use may be changed, modified, supplemented or updated by US from time to time without advance notice. Unless otherwise indicated, any new products and services, content and software added to this Website will also be subject to these Terms of Use effective upon the date of any such addition. You are encouraged to review the Website periodically for updates and changes in the Terms of Use.
WE are authorized to make available insurance coverages offered on this Website on behalf of certain insurers. By providing material on the Website, WE do not in any way promise that the materials will remain available to you or that you will qualify for the products we are authorized to offer. WE are entitled to terminate all or part of any of its Website at any time, without notice to you.
E-MAIL AND PASSWORD SECURITY
When you select a password and sign-up in order to access OUR online policyholder services, you agree to the following conditions:
-        WE are authorized to act on instructions received under your password without any requirement to question those instructions;
-         WE are not liable for any unauthorized access to your personal information that is not directly due to OUR negligence
-         Your password contains sensitive information and you will keep it confidential and secret;
-         You will notify US immediately if you believe anyone else has learned your password or if you believe an unauthorized access to the Website or your personal information has occurred or may occur;
-         You will logout from your account at the end of each session;
-         WE may deny access or block any transaction made under your password without prior notice if we believe your password is being used by someone other than you, or if any unauthorized access to your personal information has occurred or may occur, or for any other reason.  
It is your sole responsibility to control the dissemination and use of your password, control access to and use of your account, and notify US when you desire to cancel your account on the Website. WE will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision.

JURISDICTION
Unless otherwise specified, the materials on our site are presented to provide information about US, and the insurance products WE are able to make available under authorization from certain insurers.Massachusetts law shall govern and control any action concerning this site. We do not in any way imply that the materials on the site or the products WE discuss are available for use outside the United States or in jurisdictions in which we are not licensed to do business, or that we are soliciting business in any such jurisdiction.
Unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, WE make no representation that materials on this Website are appropriate or available for use in any location. Those who choose to access this Website do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. 

PURCHASING INSURANCE POLICIES WHICH WE HAVE AUTHORITY TO MAKE AVAILABLE ON BEHALF OF CERTAIN INSURERS
(1) Where the Website enables you to purchase insurance products or services online:
   (a) You may purchase an insurance policy by electronically communicating your acceptance via the Website to US;
   (b) WE may act on and process all completed Electronic Instructions transmitted or issued through the Website without further consent from or reference to you; and
   (c) WE may treat an Electronic Instruction as authentic and are under no obligation to investigate the authenticity or authority of persons issuing or transmitting such Electronic Instructions, or to verify the accuracy and completeness of such Electronic Instructions. 
(2) Creating a binding insurance contract with an insurer via the Website is a two step process:
   (a) The first step is to create a quote for the insurance product you are interested in and have selected. Upon completion by you of all required information, the Website will provide you with a quote, This quote will remain valid and accessible on the Website for up to 30 days; and
   (b) If you wish to take out insurance in accordance with a quote via the Website; then, upon completion by you of all required information, step two enables you to accept that quote and create a binding insurance agreement with a corresponding policy number assigned by the insurer issuing the policy.
(3) When entering into a contract via the Website, you will be considered to have communicated your acceptance to an offer of insurance from US and coverage will be effectuated when all of the following have occurred:
(a) the Electronic Instruction containing the acceptance from you is recorded in OUR main database;
(b) a record is created and stored in OUR database;
(c) a policy number is generated by the insurer issuing the policy; and
(d) premium due has been received from you by US through
1) payment successfully recorded against your current and valid credit card, or
2) successful transmission of a bank wire payment to US, or
3. by a valid bank check made payable to "TotalEventInsurance.com". 
(4) When all the conditions stated in (3) have been met, an e-mail will be sent to you indicating that coverage has been placed. If you do not receive an e-mail within three business days after sending payment or if you are applying for event cancellation insurance within 48 hours of the event if sooner, please contact US by e-mail
Once the policy is issued, electronic access, via the Website, to the policy and the application will be available to you. Please download and review the policy and application, contact US immediately with any questions and maintain a copy for your records  
(5) WE may or may not issue a paper confirmation of the insurance policy. The existence of a binding contract is not conditional on OUR issuing, or you receiving, a paper confirmation of the transaction.

In the course of your use of the Website, you may be asked to provide, or you may provide on your own inclination, information, or materials to US (such information and/or materials referred to hereinafter as "User Submissions"). User Submissions include information you submit to US via your application to receive quotations ("Application Data"). User Submissions also include information and materials you submit to US via other on-line forms on the Website, by e-mail, or in any other manner via the Website. OUR information collection and use policies, with respect to the privacy of personal information, are set forth in the Privacy Policy link to this site which is incorporated herein by reference for all purposes. Please read the Privacy Policy before submitting any User Submissions. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of the User Submissions. WE cannot be responsible for maintaining any User Submissions that you provide to US, and WE may delete or destroy any such User Submissions at any time.
INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY YOU 
You warrant and represent that any information you enter on this Website is true and correct, and that you have exercised your best efforts in verifying the accuracy of the information. You acknowledge that the information entered into any on-line application is material to any decision to issue a policy, and that any decision to issue a policy would be made in reliance upon the sufficiency and accuracy of the information entered into the application.  
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS 
When you visit this Website or send e-mails to US, you are communicating with US electronically. Accordingly, you consent to receive communications from US electronically. WE will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
SURPLUS LINES PRODUCTS 
Certain products described in this Website may be underwritten by surplus lines insurers. Any such products will be clearly designated as such, and will be sold on a surplus lines basis only. This requires that they are available only through properly licensed excess and surplus lines brokers and in accordance with applicable surplus lines laws which may limit their availability in certain states.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
While WE use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this Website, errors or omissions sometimes occur. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, WE make no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the content of this Website and under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall WE or any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Website be liable to you for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this Website, even if WE or OUR authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

WE assume no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property as a result of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Website or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from this Website.
RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
This Website is owned and operated by US. Except as otherwise expressly permitted by US no materials from this Website or any Website owned, operated, licensed or controlled by US may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. You may download material displayed on this Website for your use only, provided that you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of this Website for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without OUR written permission. You may not provide the content to OUR competitors or the competitors of the insurer on whose behalf the quote was made to solicit competitive quotes or for any other purpose. WE neither warrant nor represent that your use of materials displayed on this Website will not infringe rights of third parties.

No insurance product or other product or service is offered or will be sold by US, or, if sold by US will be effective, in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the insurance or other laws of such jurisdiction. Some products and services may not be available in all jurisdictions.
TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS
All trademarks, services marks, trade names, logos, and icons are proprietary to US, OUR affiliated companies and companies with which we have contractual arrangements. Nothing contained on this Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the Website. Your use of the trademarks displayed on this Website, or any other content on this Website, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.

Images displayed on this Website are either OUR property, or used with permission. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited. Any unauthorized use of images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
SOFTWARE LICENSES 
You acknowledge that any software which may be available or provided to you on this Website may contain technology that is subject to strict controls pursuant to export control laws and regulations of the United States of America and other countries and jurisdictions. You hereby agree that you will not transfer or export such software in violation of such applicable export laws and regulations. WE do not authorize the downloading or exportation of any software or technical data from this Website to any jurisdiction prohibited by such export controls laws and regulations.
ACCESSIBILITY OF SERVICES
Consistent with the American Disabilities Act, applicants may request accommodations needed to participate in the application process.

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
The information contained on this Website contains certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created by those laws. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of our operations. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included or incorporated by reference on this Website that address activities, events or developments that we expect or anticipate may occur in the future, including such things as future capital expenditures, business strategies, competitive strengths, goals, growth of our businesses and operations, plans and references to future successes may be considered forward-looking statements. Also, when we us words such as "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "probably" or similar expressions, we are making forward-looking statements.

Many risks and uncertainties may impact the matters addressed in these forward-looking statements. Many possible events or factors could affect out future financial results and performance. These could cause our results or performance to differ materially from those we express in our forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying our forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of these assumptions, and therefore also the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions, could themselves prove to be inaccurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included on this Website, our inclusion of this information is not a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved.

Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and we will not update these forward-looking statements unless the securities laws require us to do so. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed on this Website may not occur.

DISCLAIMER OF ENDORSEMENT
All links and frames of this Website to third party sites are provided as a convenience only. WE do not control or endorse the information and content contained on any such sites, or their sponsors.

WE are under no obligation to maintain any link on this Website and may remove any such link at any time at its sole discretion for any reason whatsoever.

---------------------

CONTACT US
If you have any questions, please contact us at service@totaleventinsurance.com or (781) 994-6000.

-------------------

Terms and Conditions

-------------------

FAQ

Event Cancellation Insurance

    How long does it take to get a quote?
If the event fits within the automated underwriting criteria, the quote will be released instantaneously.
In most cases when the criteria is not met for the automated system, you will receive a quote within 48 hours of submission.

   How far in advance do I have to bind coverage?
14 days before the start of the event, we will need a confirmation to bind coverage, confirmation on whether or not you are accepting TRIA coverage, any outstanding information, and payment.

   What is covered by the Event Cancellation Policy?
Our coverage is an “all cause” coverage, meaning that it covers you for any Non-Excluded cause beyond your control that leads to the necessary Cancellation, Abandonment, Postponement, or Relocation of your event.  In addition, our program provides protection for out-of-pocket expenses you may incur to avoid or diminish a loss, even if your event goes on as scheduled.

   What carriers do you use?
Our Event Cancellation program is Best Rated and we have non-admitted paper with Lloyd’s of London and Houston Casualty Company.

   How do you determine the amount of the premium?
There is a predetermined rate that is based on the location and date of the event and the risks associated with it.  Once a rate is determined it is applied to the aggregate limit that is being insured.

   When can I insure expenses instead of revenue ?
You can insure expenses if this is the first time the event is running.

   What is Enforced Reduced Attendance (ERA)?       
Enforced Reduced Attendance is the inability of visitors to travel to the event due to a specific cause that is beyond the control of the organizer and attendees.  An example would be a winter weather exposed area in which flights are delayed or cancelled, therefore disabling attendees from traveling to the event.

   What are the Principal Exclusions on the Event Cancellation policy form?
 
Standard exclusions would include:

         The non-appearance of any person or persons (can be bought back into the policy)
         Teleconferencing
         Adverse weather in respect to outdoor events
         Pollution or contamination
         Alterations of the insured event
         Acts of terrorism (can be bought back into the policy)
         Actual or threatened use of biological or chemical materials (can be bought
  back into the policy)


Special Event Liability

    What types of events can you provide coverage for, and what excluded events do you have?        
Some of our acceptable events that we can provide coverage for include, but are not limited to:

         Fairs and Festivals
         Beauty Pageants / Fashion Shows
         Concerts
         Graduations / Receptions / Weddings
         Conventions / Meetings / Tradeshows / Consumer Shows
         Fundraisers
         Dances
         Sporting Events (excluding participants)
        
      
Some of the excluded events are:

         Carnivals
         Venue coverage
         Air Shows
         Amusement Parks
        
   What are the coverage exclusions on the Special Event Liability Form?        
Standard Exclusions would include:

         Medical Payments
         Described Hazards
         Securities and Financial Interests
         Collapse of Temporary Structures
         Attendance Limitation Endorsement
         Athletic or Sports Participants
         Abuse and Molestation
         Stunt Exclusion
         Exclusion of Performers
         Field of Entertainment Exclusion
         Pollution – Nuclear & Asbestos
         Employment Related Practices
         Fireworks/Pyrotechnics
         Fungus
         Assault and Battery
         
What carriers do you use?        
We have non-admitted paper with Houston Casualty Company and Lexington Insurance Company, Best Rated A.
We have admitted paper with New Hampshire Insurance Company.

 What is your policy limit?        
We can provide up to $10 million of coverage.
        
   How is the amount of premium determined?        
The premium is based on a predetermined rate depending on the type of event, number of attendees, amount of coverage, and risks associated with the event.
        
   How long does it take to get a quote?        
If the event fits within the automated underwriting criteria, the quote will be released instantaneously.
When criteria is not met for the automated system, we can provide a quote in within 48 hours of submission of the application, in most cases.
        
   How far in advance do I need to bind coverage?        
We are very flexible as far as a time frame on binding coverage and can usually provide coverage up to one or two days prior to the event date. However, we must receive payment as well as any outstanding information prior to the start of the event.

Prize Indemnity

   How are the rates determined for Prize Indemnity Insurance?        
Rates are dependant on the type of risk but is generally determined by our underwriters based on past promotions and the level of difficulty of the promotion.

   How expensive is Prize Indemnity Insurance?        
The three factors that determine the cost of prize indemnity insurance is the level of difficulty of the promotion, the number of attempts and the prize value to be awarded. The higher the level of difficulty, the fewer the attempts and the lower the prize value, the less expensive it will be.

   How expensive is it to insure a One million dollar prize?        
The cost of a One Million dollar Prize can be relatively inexpensive if the promotion is more difficult. Furthermore, a one million dollar prize can be awarded as an annuity in 20, 30, or 40 year increments, or as a lump sum. Choosing to award a One million dollar prize value as an annuity significantly reduces the present value and will decrease the premium as opposed to a lump sum payment.

   How long does it take to get a quote?
In most cases, your quote will be instantaneous. However, in a situation where your event does not fit the standard criteria for an instant quote, an underwriter will be notified and will respond within 48 hours.

   What insurance carriers do you use for Prize Indemnity Insurance?
Our Prize Indemnity program is Best Rated and we have non-admitted paper with AIG, Lloyd’s of London, and Houston Casualty Company.

   Are there any exclusions for Basketball and Football Skill Contest?
For Basketball: Professionals, former Professionals, or those who played in high school or college within the past 5 years.
For Football: Professionals, former Professionals, or those who played high school or college Football and/or Soccer within the past 5 years. Soccer professionals or former Soccer professionals are also excluded.

   Do you provide Surety Bonds and/or Errors and Omissions Insurance?
Yes we do provide both. We can streamline the entire bonding process and file all required documents with the applicable states. Simply go to www.instabond.com to get started.


Weather Insurance
 
   How long does it take to get a quote?        
·   We currently offer automatic quoting for event weather coverage when insuring the peril of rain. If your quote does not qualify for automatic quoting, you will receive a quote within 24 hours of submission, in most cases.
·   For all other coverages which we must address off-line you will still receive a quote within 24 hours of submission, in most cases.
   How far in advance do I have to bind coverage?        
·   Coverage must be bound 7 days prior to the first insured date.
   My event is taking place within 7 days of today, why can’t I obtain a quote?
·   Weather insurance must be bound within 7 days of the insured event start date. If you are required to obtain Special Event Liability coverage, you can purchase this coverage up until the day prior to the event start date.
   What is covered by the Event Weather Policy?        
·   The event weather policy is provided on a stated value basis, which means whatever value is insured, is the amount you will receive in the event of a claim. The policy trigger is determined at time of binding, for example, 1/4 (0.25) inches or more of rain accumulation during the insured hours of 2:00 PM – 6:00 PM.
   What carriers do you use?       
·   Our online system provides coverage written on admitted paper with Commerce & Industry Insurance Company and Avemco Insurance Company, Best Rated A insurance carriers.
   How do you determine the amount of the premium?       
·   There is a predetermined rate that is based on the location and date of the event and the hours of coverage being purchased. Once a rate is determined it is applied to the limit of insurance that is being insured.
   Can I insure expenses instead of revenue? What about partial revenue?       
·   If unwanted weather comes it is unlikely to be a total wash out, so unlike most traditional insurance coverages, you do not need to insure to full value of expenses or revenue. Determine the expected amount of loss and insure that amount.
   What determines how much rain fell at my event?
·   There are three options available when insuring rain accumulation
 
o         Closest National Weather Station – The station closest to your event will be identified at the time of quoting. This is a free service and in the event of a claim inquiry, we would look up the data directly from the weather station closest to your event and will be able to determine if a claim was triggered.
o         Independent Weather Observer (IWO) - An IWO is an individual that you would hire who is qualified to take weather measurements. These individuals can be found at your local university, TV station, Radio station, etc. Once the individual fills out a qualification form that HCCS provides at time of binding he/she will be approved/declined for usage. The insured will be responsible for hiring and paying the IWO per the IWO’s terms, the cost of which is approximately $35 per hour.   Download IWO Packet
 
o         WEATHER ANALYTICS - As an alternative to the nearest National Weather Service station (which may be too far away for an accurate measurement) or an on-site weather observer (which may be too expensive), WEATHER ANALYTICS LLC is available as a pre- approved alternative for remotely measuring your insured peril.
 
WEATHER ANALYTICS LLC maintains, in the ordinary course of business, a Weather Data Production System (“WDPS”) for a variety of government and commercial users. It provides unbiased location-specific measurements by implementing the latest methods and tools in weather technology reporting. These include modeling algorithms and software developed exclusively by WEATHER ANALYTICS LLC; weather products from the National Weather Service; and worldwide data services. The WEATHER ANALYTICS LLC staff of meteorologists has immediate access to weather observations that are taken at least hourly, and often more frequently, throughout the world.
 
WEATHER ANALYTICS LLC systems provide forensic remote measurements by assimilating, analyzing and interpolating data to determine storm track and intensity for precipitation in various forms. It uses satellite imagery and live weather radar (if available in your area) encompassing your specific event location (Street, City, State, & Zip Code). WEATHER ANALYTICS LLC can report rainfall, snowfall, temperatures, and other measurable weather occurrences.
 
Dr. John L. Keller, formerly with MIT Lincoln Laboratory, founded WEATHER ANALYTICS LLC. His clients have included the U.S. Defense Department and the U.S. Intelligence Community. Dr. Keller holds the American Meteorological Society’s Certified Consulting Meteorologists (CCM) designation. His professional career in atmospheric sciences spans nearly 40 years. WEATHER ANALYTICS LLC’s Chief Science Officer is Dr. Wallace Hogsett, previously Science & Operations Officer for the Weather Prediction Center at the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. WEATHER ANALYTICS LLC’s staff of meteorologists can be personally called upon to discuss your specific situation or concerns.
 
   What perils can I insure?
·   Weather Insurance can be used to cover perils such as Rain, Snow, Electrical Storm, Wind and Temperature, as well as Adverse Weather which refers to any extreme weather conditions which pose a serious threat to those attending the event. Currently, Rain is the only peril available for coverage through our online system. To submit a quote request for any other peril or risk, please email Weather@TotalEventInsurance.com or call 781-994-6000 to have a quote submitted offline to a qualified Underwriter.
 
   How can I file a claim?
·   Contact our claims department by emailing Claims@TotalEventInsurance.com or by calling 781-994-6000.
 
   How is Weather Insurance coverage priced / rated?
·   Weather Insurance coverage looks at historical weather data specific to your insured location, date and hours of coverage. The more sensitive of a weather risk you wish to insure, the higher the rates will be. Rates are based on the occurrence of an insured peril occurring over a certain number of hours. The more hours you insure the higher the rate so it's important to choose the most critical hours that will affect the success of the event. The earlier hours are usually more important than the later hours because that is when people will decide whether or not to attend.
 
   How can I submit a request off-line for a weather coverage not found on TotalEventInsurance.com?
·   Please email Weather@TotalEventInsurance.com or call 781-994-6000 to have a quote submitted offline to a qualified Underwriter. You can find the appropriate application below in the “Weather Insurance Coverage Options” section.
 
Weather Insurance Coverage Options
 
  Event Weather   Download Application
·   Event Weather protects against adverse weather conditions that reduce attendance and revenue. It is designed to offset not only the revenue lost due to reduced attendance, but other revenue sources such as concessions, food and parking. It can cover perils such as Rain, Snow, Lightning, Wind and Temperature.
 
Typical buyers of Event Weather coverage are organizers of concerts, air shows, fairs/festivals, parades, sporting events, fundraisers, etc.
 
  Festival - Rain Insurance Case Study
  Concert - Rain Insurance Case Study
  Commercial Production - Rain Insurance Case Study
 
 
  Prize Weather – Sales Promotion  Download Application
  ** Coming Soon to TotalEvent, Please email Weather@TotalEventInsurance.com or call 781-994-6000 to have a quote submitted offline to a qualified Underwriter
·   Prize Weather is designed to stimulate sales for retailers and manufacturers of many products. If a certain weather event occurs on a predetermined day, consumers receive a full or partial refund on all purchases made during the promotion period. Parameters of the promotion with regard to percentage of refund, sales period, who qualifies, etc. are to be determined by the Insured Party and HCCS. Weather-contigent promotions have proven to be enormously successful. Weather perils available are Rain, Snow and Temperature.
 
Typical buyers of Prize Weather are jewelers, auto dealers, furniture stores, home electronic retailers, etc.
 
  "Let It Snow" – Prize Weather Insurance Case Study
 
 
  Wedding Weather - Big Day Umbrella   Download Application
·   The Big Day Umbrella offers a wedding couple the opportunity to collect a handsome Nest Egg up to $10,000 if it rains or snows on their wedding day. A Big Day Umbrella policy pays the lucky couple a benefit of $2,500, $5,000 or $10,000, as selected, if a predetermined amount of rain or snow falls at the weather station nearest the wedding site during the agreed upon 3 hour period.
 
Brides and grooms, as well as family members and friends can purchase the product as a unique and valuable gift. A certificate which can be given as the gift will certainly create interest & conversation! The Big Day Umbrella must be purchased at least ten days prior to the wedding date. The product is priced as low as $50 depending on benefit amount.
 
  Big Day Umbrella –Weather Insurance Case Study
 
 
  Golf Weather - Tournament Cancellation   Download Application
·   Golf Tournament Cancellation coverage protects against Adverse Weather conditions that result in the cancellation of your single day Golf Tournament. It is designed to offset the expenses lost due to cancellation of your event.
 
“Adverse Weather” refers to extreme weather conditions during the Insured Hours resulting in conditions which the on-site course manager consider severe enough to cancel the tournament prior to start of the tournament.
 
  Golf Tournament Cancellation –Weather Insurance Case Study
 
  Excess Snow Removal   Download Application
  ** Coming Soon to TotalEvent, Please email Weather@TotalEventInsurance.com or call 781-994-6000 to have a quote submitted offline to a qualified Underwriter **
·   Excess Snow Removal, sometimes referred to as Cost Containment, is a tool designed to contain costs association with abnormally high snowfall during an insured season. In an abnormally snowy winter, costs for removal will escalate, blowing through a snow removal budget by mid-season. The coverage will pay for each and every storm or inch of snow, excess of an agreed upon threshold, keeping the budget intact.
 
Typical buyers of this coverage are municipalities, private schools, private hospitals, property managers or others responsible for all costs associated with removing snowfall.
 
  Cost Containment –Weather Insurance Case Study






